The GitHub MCP server lets Warp agents
directly read from and write to your
GitHub repos. To set it up, you'll first
need a GitHub personal access token.
Here's how you get one. Go into your
GitHub account, head into settings, then
developer settings, and click on
personal access tokens. When you create
the token, enable everything under repo,
and also enable read user. I like to
keep the scopes minimal so the AI
doesn't have too much write access. That
way, there's less risk of it
accidentally committing changes or
overwriting something important. Once
you've got your token, head into warp.
Open up the MCP panel from the command
pallet and click add. Paste in the JSON
config for the GitHub MCP server. Drop
in your access token that you just got
and then hit save. And now you'll see
all the available endpoints. And now
that it's set up, I'm going to show you
two real workflows that I use all the
time. The first one is summarizing all
open PRs. So here I'm inside Warp's own
internal GitHub repo. I can run a prompt
that asks the agent to summarize the
discussion and key unresolved questions
in all the open poll requests. Behind
the scenes, MCP server calls list pull
request to get the PRs, then get pull
request comments and get pull request
reviews to pull all the details. It
compiles everything into a clean
summary. And best of all, it gives me
clickable links to each PR so I can jump
right in and review. The second workflow
is creating issues from to-dos. So, for
this one, I'm using a saved prompt in my
warp drive, and it tells the agent to
find every to-do comment in the repo and
create a GitHub issue for it. The Warp
agent is going to scan the codebase,
find all my to-dos in my code, and then
automatically call create issue from the
GitHub MCP server for each one. When
it's done, I'll have a clickable list of
all my new issues, all with the original
to-do text and a link back to the code.
And both of these workflows saved me
about 20 to 30 minutes each compared to
doing them manually.